Eye openness (#736)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: neon/data-collection/data-streams/index.md

We detect saccades based on the fixation results, considering the gaps between fixations to be saccades. Note, that this assumption is only true in the absence of smooth pursuit eye movements. Additionally, the fixation detector does not compensate for blinks, which can cause a break in a fixation and thus introduce a false saccade.

The downloads for gaze mapping enrichments ([Reference Image Mapper](/pupil-cloud/enrichments/reference-image-mapper/#export-format), [Marker Mapper](/pupil-cloud/enrichments/marker-mapper/#export-format)) also include mapped fixations, i.e. fixations in reference image or surface coordinates respectively.

> ::: info Real-Time Fixation Detection & Fixations on the Native Recording Format

Author: ```suggestion
::: info Real-Time Fixation Detection
```

> The fixation detector runs on the device in realtime (if enabled). Fixations and saccades are also computed during post-processing on Pupil Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
The fixation detector runs on the device in real-time (if enabled). Fixations and saccades are also computed during post-processing in Pupil Cloud.
```
